src/app/code/community/FireGento/MageSetup/                       app/code/community/FireGento/MageSetup/
src/app/etc/modules/FireGento_MageSetup.xml                       app/etc/modules/FireGento_MageSetup.xml
src/app/locale/de_AT/FireGento_MageSetup.csv                      app/locale/de_AT/FireGento_MageSetup.csv
src/app/locale/de_CH/template/magesetup/                          app/locale/de_CH/template/magesetup/
src/app/locale/de_DE/FireGento_MageSetup.csv                      app/locale/de_DE/FireGento_MageSetup.csv
src/app/locale/de_DE/template/magesetup/                          app/locale/de_DE/template/magesetup/
src/app/locale/en_US/FireGento_MageSetup.csv                      app/locale/en_US/FireGento_MageSetup.csv
src/app/locale/en_US/template/magesetup/                          app/locale/en_US/template/magesetup/
src/app/locale/en_US/template/email/contact_form.html             app/locale/en_US/template/email/contact_form.html
src/app/locale/es_ES/FireGento_MageSetup.csv                      app/locale/es_ES/FireGento_MageSetup.csv
src/app/locale/es_ES/template/magesetup/                          app/locale/es_ES/template/magesetup/
src/app/locale/fr_CH/template/magesetup/                          app/locale/fr_CH/template/magesetup/
src/app/locale/fr_FR/FireGento_MageSetup.csv                      app/locale/fr_FR/FireGento_MageSetup.csv
src/app/locale/fr_FR/template/magesetup/                          app/locale/fr_FR/template/magesetup/
src/app/locale/it_IT/FireGento_MageSetup.csv                      app/locale/it_IT/FireGento_MageSetup.csv
src/app/locale/it_IT/template/magesetup/                          app/locale/it_IT/template/magesetup/
src/app/locale/nl_NL/FireGento_MageSetup.csv                      app/locale/nl_NL/FireGento_MageSetup.csv
src/app/locale/nl_NL/template/magesetup/                          app/locale/nl_NL/template/magesetup/
src/app/locale/ru_RU/FireGento_MageSetup.csv                      app/locale/ru_RU/FireGento_MageSetup.csv
src/app/locale/ru_RU/template/magesetup/                          app/locale/ru_RU/template/magesetup/
src/app/locale/pl_PL/FireGento_MageSetup.csv                      app/locale/pl_PL/FireGento_MageSetup.csv
src/app/locale/pl_PL/template/magesetup/                          app/locale/pl_PL/template/magesetup/
src/app/locale/ro_RO/FireGento_MageSetup.csv                      app/locale/ro_RO/FireGento_MageSetup.csv
src/app/locale/ro_RO/template/magesetup/                          app/locale/ro_RO/template/magesetup/
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/magesetup.xml     app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/magesetup.xml
src/app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/magesetup/      app/design/adminhtml/default/default/template/magesetup/
src/app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/magesetup.xml         app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/magesetup.xml
src/app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magesetup/          app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magesetup/
src/app/design/frontend/rwd/default/template/magesetup/           app/design/frontend/rwd/default/template/magesetup/
src/skin/frontend/base/default/css/magesetup/                     skin/frontend/base/default/css/magesetup
src/skin/frontend/base/default/js/magesetup/                      skin/frontend/base/default/js/magesetup
src/skin/frontend/rwd/default/css/magesetup/                      skin/frontend/rwd/default/css/magesetup
